{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 19. A FOR loop is mostly an iteration using a variable and incrementing or decrementing it with a predetermined range, a DO WHILE loop takes a condition and keeps looping until that condition is no longer true.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 22. 
\fs24 The parameter is a variable that is listed in the parenthesis of the function, and the argument is where you initialize the value of the variables.\
25. A object is an instance of a class, and a class is basically the blueprint for the objects. Objects have a certain state, behaviour and identity while classes are composed of methods and attributes. \
26. It is a function that creates and initializes an object instance in a class. This basically allows you to initialize certain variables from another class for that object.\
31. Arrays are a fixed size that need to be set, while ArrayLists can be increased or shrink \
32.  It could possibly be used to reverse something, like if you have an image going from left to right, maybe decrementing it will make it go right to left.\
37. Pvectors are better to use when you want to use velocity or acceleration for a game or project, furthermore they can store two numbers in that one class, for example for a float for a triangle, you will need to initialize a variable for both the x and y coordinates for that triangle which is just extra lines of code.
\fs22 \
43. Normalized vector is changing a vector and making it stay in the same direction while making it have a length of 1. This would allow you to alter the magnitude/speed of a shape without having to change its direction. }